Event report and alpha announcement (#117)
vivliostyle/vivliostyle.org: _posts/2022-05-29-Event-Report-and-Alpha-Announcement.md

- 13:05-13:15（10分）[本日の趣旨説明](https://youtu.be/Q2Y5r8F1KTo)（[小形克宏](https://twitter.com/ogwata)）
- 13:15-13:40（25分）[私のVivliostyleとの付き合い方](https://youtu.be/iHYC552z2Rc)（[藤井大洋](https://twitter.com/t_trace)）
- 13:40-14:00（20分）[Vivliostyleの2022年開発計画を展望する](https://youtu.be/SrptSRhiR1M)（[村上真雄](https://twitter.com/MurakamiShinyu)）
- 14:00-14:10（10分）休憩
- 14:10-14:30（20分）[アルファ版を公開したVivliostyle Pub](https://youtu.be/35eHzZay-Bo)（[takanakahiko](https://twitter.com/takanakahiko)）
- 14:30-14:50（20分）[VivliostyleでWebフォントを使う：調査編](https://youtu.be/czVRSsekLjc)（[小形克宏](https://twitter.com/ogwata)）
- 14:50-15-00（10分）休憩
- 15-00-15:20（20分）[既存のThemesで印刷用PDFを作るには](https://youtu.be/B_-I9Y90oXA)（[Yusuke S.](https://twitter.com/Uske_S)）
- 15:20-15:40（20分）[vivliostyle.orgではじめるCSS組版チュートリアル](https://youtu.be/SMomqtdZXvg)（[やましー](https://twitter.com/yamasy1549)）
- 15:40-16:00（20分）[緑豆はるさめ Vivliostyle CLI update - 2022 Spring](https://youtu.be/GMzLJ17MLOk)（[緑豆はるさめ](https://twitter.com/spring_raining)）
- 16:00-16:10（10分）休憩
- 16:10-16:50（40分）[4月開発者会議](https://youtu.be/o1mWsPHHQpg)
- 16:50-17:00（10分）[クロージング](https://youtu.be/VHucqSCSQxs)（[村上真雄](https://twitter.com/MurakamiShinyu)）

> Of particular importance was the presence of guest sci-fi novelist [Taiyo Fujii](https://taiyolab.com/?lang=en), who demonstrated his [galley workflow](https://github.com/ttrace/autobuild) using his own Vivliostyle PDF output. His case study was also discussed during the free discussion session [”4月開発者会議“](https://youtu.be/o1mWsPHHQpg) in the latter half of the day, where the committers had a lively discussion about possible improvements. Slides from the day are below. Please take a look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Especially precious was the presence of guest sci-fi novelist [Taiyo Fujii](https://taiyolab.com/?lang=en), who demonstrated his own [galley workflow](https://github.com/ttrace/autobuild) using Vivliostyle for PDF output. His case study was also discussed during the free discussion session [”4月開発者会議“](https://youtu.be/o1mWsPHHQpg) in the latter half of the day, where the committers had a lively discussion about possible improvements. Slides from the day are below. Please take a look.
```
